Do you remember where you came from?
I remember
I was rejected
I was excluded I was wronged
chased of fame ' du out there
My name is mockery and you?
You know very well but Jesus ennobled me.
he me there'll forgive me purified me
filled with holy spirit
so that I came to be lived from
so I had the high privilege
privilege of serving locally that was the
even though it happened to you, you remember
Where did you come from?
usually the nobles of this world are born
of noble families the nobles of this world
the nobles receive a careful education
of this world has riches
the nobles of this world are considered
nobles but the people of God the children of
God the servants of God are not
considered 9
On the contrary, they are fanatics.
this is what more to Jesus than to us
washed us free who ripped off the
the filthy spirits that made us
new creatures made our story
changed our lives made new every
things all things have been done
new in our lives
it in use and bc but the question is
what goes on inside our heart
if we are noble also to whom are the
our projects
our dreams what is the project if
here it says
mob designs things noble and in its
nobility will persevere there is nothing more
noble
In this world, nothing's better for me. Nothing.
The noblest for me is more noble than that.
my prayers are more noble than mine
Praise is nobler than mine.
services is nobler than my
offers is more noble than all that
I can do for jesus the noblest
for me it's saving souls
just as it was with your life, your life
you were lost
you were down and every person who
we won for jesus
this is our glory, my glory is
be able to take as many people as possible
of our Lord Jesus Christ
salvation is my greatest glory
I'd rather win a soul for Jesus than
to stay 24 hours for life in
altar praying and worshiping God because
because while we are in the world we
we are the light of the world while we are in the
world we have a chance to save from
free to free people from hell
So
My main goal is to have souls.